### Process: 

As a team, we were able to collaborate with fellow team members quite effectively and meet our project deadlines by staying updated and regularly communicating ahead of time. We all listened to and took into account each other’s ideas and opinions, and did our best to accommodate everyone’s time constraints and preferences.

### Team Organisation:
During our initial meeting, we took stock of the deliverables for this sprint and used the sprint guidelines to assign priorities to each task, delegate various roles and divide the tasks amongst ourselves. Once having assigned tasks to everyone, we kept each other updated on the status of each of our tasks through the team Discord and instagram chats, and shared resources to ensure everyone had a general idea of what was expected.This approach helped the team to have a clear goal in mind and stay focused while completing the tasks. Additionally, Trello was used to create boards for each project phase to aid in task management and help the team keep track of what was completed and what needed to be done.

We relied on Discord and instagram for quick, informal day-to-day communication, which allowed us to keep in touch efficiently and promptly address any issues as they came up. We also scheduled touchpoint meetings using Discord. These meetings helped to ensure that everyone was up to speed on the project requirements and what still needed to be done, while also providing opportunities to discuss challenges, share progress, and adapt our strategy as needed. 

### Decision-Making Process:
The decision-making process for our team was quite straightforward and efficient; generally, a team member would bring up a point which the whole team would discuss, and after considering everyone’s opinions a decision would be made that was unanimously agreed upon. The main deciding factor in making decisions was whether the people directly  impacted by the decision (ie. the people working on that particular task) were happy with it or not, as their concerns would be the most relevant. For decisions with differing opinions, an informal vote would be held and the side that had more supporters would win. No more than 1-2 rounds of voting were required, as the team worked hard to ensure that a compromise could be reached that would satisfy everyone. 
 
### Defining Priority of User Stories
Determining the priorities of the various deliverables was a very important step in ensuring that the team could work smoothly. After tasks had been assigned to each team member, the team collaborated in deciding which user stories needed to be completed before others, based on the information that was required for each project feature or task, and which user stories had related or connected objectives. Clearly defining the priorities of each task allowed the team to have a clear mental schedule to work with so that more critical tasks were finished first.  

### Meeting Frequency
We met about 2 times during this sprint; the first time was to get a general overview of the project requirements and to split up the tasks for this sprint among ourselves. We met one final time before finalizing our files to make sure that the entire team was happy with the deliverables. In between these meetings, of course, we were constantly in contact with one another through our team chats regarding all aspects of the project and to check in with each other. These meetings helped to maintain the flow of communication between all members of our team and was vital for ensuring the team’s productivity.

### Key Lessons
Overall this phase has been a learning experience in understanding our team members’ specific strengths and working habits. A valuable lesson that we learned during this first sprint was the importance of clarifying any uncertainties and staying up-to-date with all team members to ensure that everyone had a shared understanding of the task at hand. Going forward, it would be beneficial for us to also become more familiar with alternative tools for different features of the project, to ensure that we are able to work on the project more effectively. For the next phase, we should remain flexible and be open to adapting our tools as per the project requirements as needed. Despite this, we were able to successfully meet our goals for this sprint, and hopefully with the insights gained from this phase, we will be even more effective in the next stage of the project.

